docs: Update troubleshooting.md (#4903)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/v0.31/concepts/_index.md

Reviewer: Looks like this file change is to the index.md rather than the disruption.md files for the other versions. Would you be able to migrate the diff in this file to the disruption.md file? Generally I think we (as maintainers) should remove or cut down this file so that it's clearer that disruption.md is the place where this information lives.

Author: In v31 theres no disruption.md, they didn't exist prior to 32. Hence the changes to it

When Karpenter detects one of these events will occur to your nodes, it automatically cordons, drains, and terminates the node(s) ahead of the interruption event to give the maximum amount of time for workload cleanup prior to compute disruption. This enables scenarios where the `terminationGracePeriod` for your workloads may be long or cleanup for your workloads is critical, and you want enough time to be able to gracefully clean-up your pods.

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}
Karpenter publishes Kubernetes events to the node for all events listed above in addition to [__Spot Rebalance Recommendations__](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/rebalance-recommendations.html). Karpenter does not currently support taint, drain, and terminate logic for Spot Rebalance Recommendations.

> If you require handling for Spot Rebalance Recommendations, you can use the [AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH)](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler) alongside Karpenter; however, note that the AWS Node Termination Handler cordons and drains nodes on rebalance recommendations, potentially causing more node churn in the cluster than with interruptions alone. Further information can be found in the [Troubleshooting Guide]({{< ref "../../troubleshooting#aws-node-termination-handler-nth-interactions" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you require handling for Spot Rebalance Recommendations, you can use the [AWS Node Termination Handler (NTH)](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler) alongside Karpenter; however, note that the AWS Node Termination Handler cordons and drains nodes on rebalance recommendations, potentially causing more node churn in the cluster than with interruptions alone. Further information can be found in the [Troubleshooting Guide]({{< ref "../troubleshooting#aws-node-termination-handler-nth-interactions" >}}).
```

Karpenter publishes Kubernetes events to the node for all events listed above in addition to __Spot Rebalance Recommendations__. Karpenter does not currently support cordon, drain, and terminate logic for Spot Rebalance Recommendations.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}

> For users that wish to benefit from both Karpetner and Spot Rebalance Recommendations, which usually entails using the AWS Node Termination Handler, please note that it may cause a disruption between how karpenter handles Spot instances and their events and how AWS Node Termination Handler does, furter information can be found here: [Troubleshooting](../troubleshooting.md#Node-provisioning-and-deprovisioning-loop)

Reviewer: Added some spelling fixes and some hyperlinks. Let me know if these suggestions make sense:
```suggestion
For users that wish to benefit from both Karpenter and [Spot Rebalance Recommendations](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/rebalance-recommendations.html), which usually entails using the [AWS Node Termination Handler](https://github.com/aws/aws-node-termination-handler), please note that the AWS Node Termination Handler cordons and drains nodes, potentially causing node churn in the cluster. Further information can be found here: [Troubleshooting](../troubleshooting.md#Node-provisioning-and-deprovisioning-loop)
```
